Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Can you hear me.
Yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: We're doing today.
Shawn Phalen: Good, how are you
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I'm good.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, good, good.
Shawn Phalen: Good. Okay, so my name is Sean and I'm one of the therapist separate hurt.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And I, my name is William and I'm one of the
Patient
Shawn Phalen: So, um, so this session is just me asking you some background questions if
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You've been asked before, and but I just need to know it because
Shawn Phalen: Bright heart does require
The individual sessions twice a month.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: twice a month yeah group sessions and it'll always be you correct. That's right. Alright, so here my therapists. Alright, cool.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me, can you give me a little bit of background and just tell me what brought you to break hurt you know
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Say I'm 42 years old. I've been an opium opiate addict for as long as I can remember. Plus, drinking has always been in the mix to like from a real young age.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And I always get in trouble. That's, that's what brought me, I'm trying. I've been wanting to kick the dang pills or whatever.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And somebody told me this boxing program and it seems to be working. So far so good. And when I say trouble. I mean like prison time trouble. You know what I mean. Okay. How many times have you been in trouble in prison, two times two times. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And how long were you in for
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: The first time was a five year term. And then this last time was a one year term.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, was it for probation violation or, oh, no, it was always for the first time was for pills in the second time was
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: The second time was actually a gun CHARGE IT WAS AN ANTIQUE for 10 shot gun that was a family heirloom or whatever. But I ended up getting drunk and then the COPS WERE CALLED AND WHAT YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, great. That got me.
Shawn Phalen: What, how old were you when you started drinking
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh gosh, I was like 12 probably 12 and it became regular really
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like daily. Oh, yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Really, I grew up in an alcoholic family or whatever and like my mom would have me or my older brother mixer drinks and that's how it started was sipping her drinks every night and then that just LED on to me going off with my buddies and right then it can no
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, so you were taking pills that those that we'd ever doing heroin or you just do in pill, not so much heroin so much. I mean, a few times, or whatever. But basically it was
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Medication
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Prescribed
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Sometimes, most of the time, like a lot of the times, but then like every time I would get them prescribed. To me, it would kind of give me a green light to just like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Go take other people's stuff. You know what I mean, or purchase other people's stuff or you know what I mean. So it always ends up bad every time.
Shawn Phalen: So, what, what were you taking what feels very take
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Just like an oxy cotton methadone Percocet. Like, it ends Narcos
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's pretty much it. The painkiller variety. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: How many would you take a day like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh gosh 16 to 10 a day as many as I could get
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Right so probation right now for all bro. Yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay. And how long are you gonna be in Perl six months to a year if six months. If I don't mess up like no trouble at all. One year I end up catching like, you know, I mean, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Are you okay so are your tests are they testing you to is
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yes, ma'am. Oh, I'm
Shawn Phalen: So what is it you just call in and they
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I've been going in once a week every Friday. I've been going in, but this next Friday, I think they're going to switch me to like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Right, kinda like this thing right here back online or a text message or they're doing something something different starting on Friday.
Okay. I wonder why.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I think it's because of the coronavirus. That's what I'm thinking what what party calorie you in. I'm in del Norte County.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: The most most tippy top
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Doors northern this part in the world there. You're like, right on the border. Yeah, I can throw a stone and hit Oregon, pretty much.
Shawn Phalen: Are you working
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No, not yet. I've been out for only like a month and a half, maybe two months now.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I do got some stuff lined up or whatever, like I've been doing odd jobs here and there, like side stuff, but nothing nothing consistent. Not yet.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And I am because like like soon as this coronavirus like soon as they open the town up or whatever it's called.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, I'm gonna get back into the weatherization, I don't know if you know what that is, it's a California
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Does like for low income families that weatherization you like put new windows new doors you weather is the
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like insulation for the ceiling and installation for the floors COC the little gaps and stuff like that. That's been that mill works been kind of my bread and butter for the last 20 years
Shawn Phalen: So when you are using. Were you able to hold a job.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Absolutely. I have to pay child support. So it's like the only way I can keep my license was to keep those people happy. No man.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So yeah, OK, how many kids do you have, I have three with my first baby mama and then two with my second which is my current wife. Okay. Right. Okay. And how old are your kids. Oh gosh. They range, my youngest is 12 and my oldest is like 28, something like that.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: But don't the two at the house here. The he's 22 and 12 that I live with and how are they
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Good people good the boys kind of lazy or whatever. But my daughter's a sweet are
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Lazy. Okay, a little bit. I mean, but he knows like he's actually I think he's going to come to work with me. Once the program requires up or whatever. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So are you guys opening up there like are they opening business and stuff again.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: We're just starting. But there's like 14 cases of CO bid in our town right now. So they're kind of, it's like 5050. You know what I mean, they just start opening up the restaurants like maybe two days ago. So people are starting to get out and about.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: But not really like my wife. Still, she hasn't been to work for
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: however long the shutdowns been
Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So who works not open obviously she has not opened, but she's still getting paid like she's doing a lot of work from home or whatever, you know, I mean, that's good. She's the one in the whole family. Right now we just did knee surgery today.
Shawn Phalen: Who did she did.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, my wife. Did we just just got back, my God, yeah. But it all worked out bed. She's, she's bedridden though for a few weeks and, you know,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Take care of her. Right, right.
Shawn Phalen: So, um, you mentioned that. Okay, so your mom was alcoholic.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Totally dad was two and dad. Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And any drug use with Mom Oh absolutely everything met mostly
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like, that's what that's what killed the old man was a math. He drank use math for his whole life. And then, and I think he quit for like a year or two, then went back into it and it could shut his kidneys down and killed him.
Shawn Phalen: Second, they use your entire childhood.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh yeah, absolutely.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Did you ever get into math, not so much. Never. I mean, I tried it, or whatever, but never really was my. I like that. Else else was always
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Better for me.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Any siblings you have simply I do, but I don't really mess with them. No, I mean I have a sister and a brother.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And then two stepbrothers or whatever. But like my sister and my my real sister. My real brother spoke with those guys in over 2020 some odd years and then both of my STEP BROTHERS. It's like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: In 2010 is when I went to prison. Right. My first time. And both of those guys are CEOs.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So it's kind of like like will say what up or whatever but we we don't do family stuff no more, you know, I mean,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Wow. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I got to two of us or we go to present every now and again and then two of us are CEOs. It's kind of funny. Oh my god. So his son was it your
Shawn Phalen: druggies that created this divide between your siblings, I
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: See a lot of it and their drug use as well you know i mean
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like my sister's a total math and and she weird weird checking on me and my brother, you just kind of whatever, but we don't i don't fuck with him.
Shawn Phalen: So your sister's a CEO and she
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Know my sister. She's a piece of shit is what she is my brothers are CEOs my other brothers. A few. I don't know what he's doing, but last time I heard he's doing 15 years and
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Some prison down and Selena Selena is valleys where he's at. And my sister just lives in Oregon. So what
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay.
All right.
Shawn Phalen: Any history of mental illness in your family depression I
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Know, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have you experienced depression on and off.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Really
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Good. How many down DAYS OR NOTHING BUT I'M NEVER depressed, you know,
Shawn Phalen: So no suicide attempts.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh no, gosh, no.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: What about anxiety any social anxiety I do just but I chalked that up to just getting released or whatever. And I don't like to go around crowds of people because it's
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So uncomfortable or whatever but not really anxiety. I mean, if I have to go to Disneyland. I definitely go, you know, I don't care how crowded it was
Shawn Phalen: How are you, how are you, integrating. I mean, I know you said you
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Slowly, slowly like when I first got out this to everybody. Hey, come over. You know what I mean, I'm a
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Plus this covert things kind of helpful. It's like, I'll just stay home and mow my mind. You know that. Yeah.
Okay.
Any other, any other addictions. It could be gambling.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like, like I get. I mean, I guess, have addiction this personality. You know what I mean like if I'm putting in Windows and I put in more windows than anybody else in town type, you know, or or
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That type of stuff. But no, I don't gamble. I don't
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Do, none of that.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, and has the Suboxone. Very good. It is very helpful. It curves, the cravings, like, I mean, I still get them every now and again
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I'm kind of working through that one to like my little groups on on Fridays are helpful or Monday I do my groups on Monday, but they're helpful.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Listening to other people. And then I take some of what they say and then I'll use it in my you know what I mean. Because it used to just be like,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Once I get the claimant Fuck it, I'm going for it. You know what I mean, here I go. Now, or but now I'm stopping and I'll take a breath and I'll go drink a soda instead of go found a bear a small stuff, but I'm working and I haven't messed up once, but I think that
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It's just like fake it till you make it kind of because I'm on parole. And if I do mess up and it's all bad. You know, so this, this has been helpful for me really
Shawn Phalen: Okay, any
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Any alcohol use, since you've been released once. Okay.
All right, that's good. Very good.
Okay, so
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay. Is this your first time in treatment. Yes, yes.
Shawn Phalen: So you had not been
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: In any treatment in I've never done a or in a or nothing like that before any residential. Did you ever try and go under residential
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Now, I never did anything like that. I always just got in trouble, went to prison. Right. How many times have you been to jail. Oh gosh, numerous, numerous for the jail only twice for the prison.
Okay.
Any therapy before you had any kind of therapy.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Nope, just you. You're my first
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like I did do a few classes I guess in prison, but that was just like to get out of the cell type of thing. You know what I mean. And I guess I did learn a few things. But like I didn't apply it to anything.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You know, because I didn't have nothing to lose. Now I got like a wife and kids and stuff and I do not, you know, like she's kind of like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: On me, I'd say, but in a helpful way. You know what I mean. Because if I talk up again. She's not going to stick around and not want to deal with that. Yeah, right.
Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: How about financially, are you doing financially mean, I know this is kind of like in my pocket. I have nothing but mom was paying the bills, you know, my wife's got a good job. Right. Okay, good. Um,
Shawn Phalen: Did they really see it really because the coven
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah. Yeah, they did. It was actually only a nine day kick or whatever. But they did.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's good. Yeah, I know it's running through some prisons here. I was the very first guy on on my little
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Prison jarred block, whatever you want to call it to get the, the early released and then it started like domino, you know, after that it took a couple other guys. Couple other guys, that was the first
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Have. Do you have any questions for me anything that you know
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No, not really. So as we meet, are there things that you want to work on, like, do you have absolutely I'd like to just live a clean life air, but I don't know how
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Right, like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I'll get a case of the buckets and just, you know what I mean. And I don't want to do that, especially
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Like in six months from now when I don't have to worry about a probation officer and then it's just pissing my wife off. Right. That's when you know what I mean, that's when she'll get scary for me so
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I definitely want you know i mean someone to talk to you about stuff. Yeah, totally. I think
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You know, because you want to do it when I try and do it differently this time because you already know what jails, like, oh, and and yeah, I've been down the same road. And sure, I'll make it a year, five years or but it always ends up in the same spot you know in bad. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So, you know, maybe this time it's about doing it differently. And, you know, having it stick
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Absolutely. You know, because you do go through different phases with sobriety and you know being out again and re integrating and you know all of that stuff is stressful and it big time.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Big time. Yeah. You know, it's stressful. It's scary. And it's kind of like you don't want to say that you don't want to tell somebody like I'm scared because I don't know what's gonna happen like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You know, like, it's hard to talk about that stuff. So to shut people down. I'll just say no, she died.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You know what I mean. Because like I went to one of the job sites. And one of the guys is like hey bro. Whoo. I'm like, nope, she sees dead. She died when you know I mean, even though not live down the road. I just don't go messing with her. You know what I mean.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So in like a fake you notice for nobody does. I guess I'm closing the door. I didn't leave it open, right. So we'll get through. So this time, I'm trying to close it and I don't
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Know what I mean I was the only way I really knew how to handle that situation like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Because, because I feel like a dick if I don't go help this dude out or you know what i mean if I just say she's dead.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Then he shut up and he quit asking. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, and then boom, we moved on, or whatever, instead of. He said, No, I'm trying to be sober and I'm not. You know what I mean.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, so
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So it's about like really changing your whole life.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Is it on many levels. If not,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's what I'm trying. Yeah. And then, you know, it's normal to feel bored.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, this is dull. Yeah. And when I hit the river something just like habits. I got triggers like you wouldn't believe. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So all of this stuff is really good.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: To talk, even on the lawn.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Or or so million million triggers. Right. And that's what I'm fighting right now. That's where I'm at, in my sobriety, for sure. Fighting triggers.
Shawn Phalen: So yeah, so you're going to have those triggers and, you know, you're just going to have the only way to deal with those triggers is to move through them. There's no trick.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Absolutely. There's no
Shawn Phalen: fairy dust. It's like you just acknowledge that you're having a trigger. And then you go do something else.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's what, that's what I'm trying to work on. Because like when when my wife or we get into a little spat or you know what I mean. I used to just instantly. Fuck, I'm gone, I'm going to go get
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: drunk or whatever. For the next weekend and not come home, or you know what I mean, like we've had a few since I've gotten out, but instead I just walked around the block and the table, you know, I mean, instead of
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And that's the stuff that you're going to have to do and it's just kind of learning new ways to be to deal with yourself. You know, like I said, it kind of scares me because I got that probation or parole or whatever.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You know what I mean. Kinda like my wife's backup or whatever. And once they're gone.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I don't know. We'll see. You know what I mean.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so I would say don't even think about that right now because that's in six months, you know,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Right, right, one day at a time, instead of six months ahead.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Really great stuff can happen in six months and I you know I can say that the Suboxone is really an amazing thing for people like it's working for sure it can completely turn people's lives around. I mean, you obviously have to do the work.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And you'd have to want to be clean and sober. You have to want it. That's the number one thing which I do. And so those are, you know, that's a lot of that stuff that we can talk about and talk about your triggers and talk about
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, I think, really, a lot of it is like talking about stuff that you've never talked about, like, just kind. Yeah. And the guys. The guys are very, very helpful because
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Dude over in San Francisco is dealing with pretty much the same. You know what I mean. And he's like, well, here you can call me or whatever and
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And it's kind of cool because I don't have to deal with them on a face to face because you know 120 miles away, or whatever. But he's lightweight on the same page so you know what i mean that's been helpful. There's a couple, couple of dudes that I like in there. Okay, that's really good.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so it's like you know surrounding yourself with people that are sober, they're clean.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, my wife were on teams over over here. Big time. So, and sticking with her for sure.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, so let's go ahead and set up set an appointment to meet again.
I can do.
Shawn Phalen: Groups on Monday.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I do it on Monday at nine o'clock in the morning, every week. Okay, what
About, can you do Wednesday, June 3 at 730
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: To
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: 730 I will be there. All right. Okay, sounds like a plan. All right. And I did my drug testing today to right before I got a hold of you. So I'm should be no red flags, no more.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Time all caught up, you can get very keep keep doing what you're doing here. Okay. All right.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: All right, so we will see you on the third then. Okay. All right. You kind of surprised me to see a woman's face when it, when it said, Sean, I was expecting a dude I know everybody does, they
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: May see me.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Not a dude. Yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: All the time.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: All right.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I'm glad as a check. Okay, so I will see you on Wednesday, June 3 at 730 I can't go. Okay. Have a good one. Bye bye.